#XUPorter
## Overview
XUPorter can help you to add files and frameworks to your Xcode 4 project after it is generated by Unity 3D. Lot of changes from [XCodeEditor-for-Unity](https://github.com/dcariola/XCodeEditor-for-Unity). It's quite hard to fork and pull back, so I create this repo. 

中文版的说明请看[这里](http://)。

## Installation
Add all files of the repo to your Unity project's Editor Folder: {$ProjectFolder}/Assets/Editor/

/Mods folder is the demo, you can delete or substitute all files in it as soon as you know how to use XUPorter. [A simplified MiniJSON](https://github.com/prime31/UIToolkit/blob/master/Assets/Plugins/MiniJSON.cs) is used in XUPorter, if you have already used a same JSON wrapper, maybe you would like to delete or refactor it to avoid compiler errors.

XUPorter require Unity 3.5 or higher and Xcode 4 to work properly.

## Useage
After the Unity's building phase, OnPostProcessBuild in XCodePostProcess.cs will be called and Xcode project file will be modified. See /Mods folder. All .projmods (which is in JSON) will be treated as Xcode patch setting files. XUPorter will find and read all projmods files in /Assets and modify Xcode project file as settings.

* group：The group name in Xcode to which files and folders will added by this projmods file
* libs：The name of libs should be added in Xcode Build Phases, libz.dylib for example.
* frameworks：The name of framework should be added in Xcode Build Phases, Security.framework for example.
* headerpaths：Header Search Paths in Build Setting of Xcode
* files：Files which should be added
* folders：Folders which should be added. All file and folders(recursively) will be added
* excludes：Regular expression pattern. Matched files will not be added.

## LICENSE
This code is distributed under the terms and conditions of the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2012 Wei Wang @onevcat

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.